Yeah.
2 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Okay, uh, so with that, um, welcome everybody, um, to the pharma rapid stand up. Um, people told me that he has fascinating stuff on customers and information theory, and that he like to present that at some point. And I guess best would be.
3 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Be some after some of the stand ups in September.
4 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Because, yeah, we are many of us are away in August and then September would be nice and then we can just.
5 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Book a slot after that just pick 1 in September, I guess, right?
6 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Um, all on, you had some things on the, uh, symposium and advance cause of confidential psychiatry.
7 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Yes, can you hear me? Yeah. Okay so.
8 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Uh, as you may know there is the so called Max plank center for computation psychiatry, aging research, which is.
9 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Led by in London and me and Berlin, and associated to that center there also is, uh, international maximum research school interest called. Uh.
10 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Computational methods in psychiatry and aging research and.
11 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
These 2 together, uh, the maximum currency, I'll center.
12 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
And the interest computational methods.
13 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Uh, have developed the, the habit.
14 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Of running every other year. Actually, already before the center was founded since 2014.
15 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
What we call a symposium and advanced course, which basically is a week.
16 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Of lectures and emperor room for informal conversations, and the last 1 happened in 2022 at castle mama, and was Co sponsored by the Jacobs foundation and focused on.
17 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Memory development in childhood, the others before focused on other things, such as, for instance, decision making or.
18 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
The use of computation methods and understanding.
19 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Mechanisms underlying pathology, such as depression or schizophrenia.
20 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Now, 2000.
21 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Um, 24 am I talking about? Yes, I'm talking about 34 is a special situation because.
22 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Uh, the Max center will be in between 2.
23 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Uh, brought up between 2, uh, periods of funding because it then we'll have existed by 10 years. Uh, and D centers are typically 2 times 5.
24 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Years and then if you get a 2nd extension for a 3rd term, this is an, uh, an extension to which the maximum society, the central maximum society no longer contributes funds. It's basically an extension without.
25 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Funding, and we are just in the process of getting there and therefore 2024.
26 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
The symposium and advanced course will not be held as it was the case before.
27 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
It is a cost of thing back and.
28 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Uh, or that, like Constance, but instead, and now I'm coming to the thing that I wanted to announce it will be held as a.
29 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Summer course organized by the nuisance school of advanced studies and s. A. S in Venice. So.
30 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Uh, not to be more precise, not in Venice, but on a little islands.
31 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Called, which is 1 of the few islands, if not the only 1 that is not owned by 1 of the very, very expensive hotels, but instead is owned by the University of Venice and is a former monastery.
32 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
And, uh, is overlooking.
33 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
The Laguna, including I've thought courses there already.
34 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Um, and the topic of this.
35 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Advanced advanced course, which will be organized, but not taught.
36 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
I write down myself is on.
37 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Machine learning on artificial intelligence basically the use of artificial intelligence.
38 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
In making sense of brain data, in predicting psycho pathology in explaining things that you didn't know exists and all the kinds of users that artificial intelligence may be good for. And.
39 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Uh, it will be run as a summer course of this.
40 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
And s. A. S. and so we are, we have basically convinced the organizer or the, the guy running the school with a number of Luigi.
41 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
That he would make this part of.
42 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
The offer of the, in this way, we basically bridge the gap between funding because we don't have the funding to go to the castle. But of course, we still can offer a course in the context of, of a different enterprise.
43 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
So, all this is to say, and, and the course typically is for advanced Pre Docs and post Docs. But of course, if if, uh.
44 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Not very advanced Pre dog happens to have a topic for his dissertation, or her dissertation that fits the topic of AI then this person might be just as illegible and I just wanted to let, you know, in fact, I should also let, you know, about the dates. Uh.
45 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Uh.
46 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
I, um, let's just find out whether I, I have them already in my calendar at sometime in September 24. um.
47 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Yeah.
48 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Yes, it starts.
49 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
It starts probably on.
50 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Saturday September 7.
51 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
2024 and ends on Saturday.
52 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
September 14 2024.
53 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Okay, uh, no, I.
54 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
And and of course, we should think who of of the former methods group would like to go, would like to attend. And I think it should be a mixed mixture of interest. And also.
55 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Relevance for whatever your, um.
56 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
I mean, this is something that Alan has to decide I should say. So I should I should shut up, but I could imagine that WH, what what what would be important is the degree to which, uh, the topics of that cause.
57 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Uh, are relevant for whatever people are doing in terms of the dissertation or qualification projects.
58 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Um, yeah, and I just wanted to let, you know about this in advance.
59 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Cool at 1st I was disappointed that it's not in 1 of the classes but then you said, uh, which we then happened to enjoy, uh, now that it's on the end dangerous.
60 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
List of the United Nations.
61 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Yes, and, I mean, it doesn't happen very often that you wake up and check a walk and have a look at some Marco and, uh, need to get a little to, to get to the place in the 1st place. So.
62 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Whoever likes Venice wants to see Venice and never has been there. I mean, uh, apart from the scholarly objectives of such a school, uh, might might consider yeah.
63 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Yeah, we have to think about a process, um, and probably you and I should also talk about it, right? At some point. Yeah.
64 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Okay.
65 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Speaking of dates, um, I invited almost everyone to Google calendar. I wasn't sure whether or not I should invite the team on, uh, as well.
66 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Um, but the rest of you should have gotten an email about a former methods calendar. Um, main purpose is, uh, vacations and things like.
67 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Dennis, um.
68 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Yeah, but if I didn't include you, then I was just not sure whether I should and you can just write an email if you haven't gotten access to it. Um, everyone should be admin. So.
69 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Yeah, you can add another people.
70 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Any questions to the regards to the calendar or advanced course no.
71 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Then next thing is, I added this, uh, draft for procedural checklists and and Nicholas have already reviewed it and add a comments. Um, but.
72 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
The others happened so far. Um, but I'd like to.
73 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Move move on with these things and close this full request sometime in the next 2 weeks. So if you have thoughts on it, um.
74 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Then I can finalize it and send, uh, more final version. I mean, it's, it's called living overview and, uh, I still intended to be living, but, uh, yeah. Um.
75 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Uh, can you just remind me of how to access this? This is also on this type thing or how does this work.
76 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Yes, it was also on this, get something. I send an email I sent a link in the chat where this particular pool request.
77 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Yes, and then share my screen for a moment.
78 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
So so this is how it looks like an initial draft procedure checklists. Um.
79 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
And then you can see, um, what has changed if you click on files changed.
80 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
And they you see how to get feedback, uh, how to use Git hub.
81 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
And you can add comments like Nicholas did here, or listed here. Um, and there are a couple of things, for example, how, how you should prepare for meetings and so forth. Um.
82 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Yeah, just for the reoccurring things. That might be interesting. For example, what we have to do when we want to offer a workshop and these things.
83 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Just written it down so that you can take a look. I know.
84 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Have some hints on how to proceed with these things.
85 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
Thank you.
86 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Um, so then.
87 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
I have added a couple of interesting blog posts in there, because I like to read them and find them fun. 1, is that if you ask how the professors to grade in an undergraduate course, for social sciences. So the whole bachelor program at Howard, it gets a grumpy and average of 3 point.
88 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
2, which is pretty amazing to just think that chatbot can.
89 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Yeah, get a bachelors at Harvard um.
90 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Not a great bachelor's. That's still very good. Um, then there's also an interesting blog post. Uh, that is very critically, uh, critical of peer review. Um.
91 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Which I just found interesting, just the history of it, for example, that Einstein submitted once a paper. And when you got peer review it, he was so upset that he retracted the paper.
92 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
On the ground of being upset about peer review. Um, and the last, uh, Blockbuster I added is 1 that is discussing how to build the architecture for large language models and how to turn that language into products.
93 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Which we are pursuing for the research report, chat bot and also, hopefully, at some point for all the meetings.
94 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
And, yeah, fascinating to read those.
95 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
So, applicable peer review, um, sadly, the Bayesian peer registration paper, uh, that has submitted recycled psychological methods, got rejected, uh, very extensive.
96 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Peer review by Daniel, basically saying oh.
97 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
The stage of rationalization is not a.
98 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Thing and so I disagree on it everything, um, which was quite sad to see then the editor to reject it because I don't think Daniel a candidate to get rejected just to be very critical of the.
99 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Pharmaceutical standpoint taken, but the editor probably read it. S.
100 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Yeah, not as a dispute that as a very high quality or something. So I intend to to take a look at the peer review and re, submit to psychological.
101 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Perspectives on psychological sciences.
102 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Yeah, what what are you doing? Um, and then, uh, there's this huge mess with the, um, travel to Munich for the open science week. Um.
103 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
So, everyone at 1st, we thought everyone was going at the same time that it turns out.
104 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Multiple people have multiple things. Um, and so.
105 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
We maybe we do that for the people who go to Munich after this meeting, but sit together and.
106 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Realize he was sitting in rich train and just.
107 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Being that 1, so.
108 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
What is that I have? I missed something.
109 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Only the tack proceeding for, um, I don't know if you want to discuss it now because Omar said as well. Uh, I just talked to him. It just seems there is no other possibly the day before. Yeah. So, that's what we have to take even though I would be happy.
110 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
It wasn't wasn't possible. Okay. Okay. Um.
111 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Yeah, I think that's it from my side of things.
112 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
And is there any, anyone else who wants to add.
113 "Leonie Hagitte" (3326755584)
Yeah, maybe I can add a little something. Um, yeah, because I just heard from a friend that, um, in September, I think the week before, um, a lot of your goes to Munich and there's the, um, sounds good from the open science. There's also, um.
114 "Leonie Hagitte" (3326755584)
Like, a summer school at the, um, I think about computation of psychiatry, and they also offer the opportunity to do the courses online. Um, and it's not.
115 "Leonie Hagitte" (3326755584)
Um, I think you have to pay, like, 15 for attending the lectures and I think 100 to do the tutorials as well. And it's also for, I think 4 or 5 days. I'm not quite sure.
116 "Leonie Hagitte" (3326755584)
But maybe to some of you, this is also interesting. Um, because it also has like, the very, uh, neat opportunity to join, like, online if you don't want to go there. Um.
117 "Leonie Hagitte" (3326755584)
Yeah, so, uh, maybe.
118 "Leonie Hagitte" (3326755584)
I can also post this in the chat because I thought some of the topics are quite interesting. And others, I think, aren't that new to the most of us but.
119 "Leonie Hagitte" (3326755584)
Whoop, it's at this side. Um, yeah, and I thought it's very.
120 "Leonie Hagitte" (3326755584)
Very convenient. And if someone has.
121 "Leonie Hagitte" (3326755584)
The time and the opportunity to do more than this could be an opportunity as well. I think.
122 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Very nice. I add this link to the agenda as well so that you can access it during the next week.
123 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Okay, um, I just remember that I think there was a tentative plan for taxonomy to meet.
124 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Today, but, uh, since we haven't invited Anna, I suggest we do it next week. Um.
125 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
And, yeah, I present, I think the taxonomy should go after having spoken to almost all of you if you want to discuss this today further just send me an email. I'm pretty free today.
126 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Let me check. Yeah. So, after this meeting, I have time and no, this is wrong here. Okay so after this meeting, I have time and after lunch as well.
127 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Okay, um.
128 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Yeah, uh, I guess then we can say goodbye to most of the people both who are not planning to go to Munich and the rest can sit into discuss.
129 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
How do we get your Munich and so forth? Thank you so much.
130 "Valentin Kriegmair" (711511040)
You.
131 "Leo Kosanke" (941395968)
Bye bye.
132 "Ulman Lindenberger" (2406992896)
133 "Aaron Peikert" (733272064)
Let me see you on that.